I was the best hacker in my world
here I went and left without causing harm
but then I saw something I should n't have
then they came for me but they killed her
now i come for heaven
someone ordered me not to have them
these files will take me to them you want
revenge
this phone is to turn the entire city its
weapon
your people are irrelevant mr iraq
unlike my empire don't forget who
rules this city
trillions of bytes of information to yours
services did not want to say what was happening
corporate espionage
purchased cops
cool explosions honey
i heard such a dude you are nothing in life
like them
so we have a bunch of corpse right a
up above 40 thousand people need them
to distract
I need a name from this server
the suspect got behind the wheel
it's you me trouble arranged
upset all my plans
you took something from me
Where are they
you can't handle it
dude from some things you can't
back down